Removed uses of Class Tree (#55)
AMWA-TV/ms-05-02: docs/Framework.md

where **elementId** is a delimited string of the form `nTm`, where

> - `n` is the definition level of the class in the device model

Reviewer: This is still talking about the level within the control model inheritance tree so I would change it to:
```suggestion
- `n` is the definition level of the class in the control model inheritance tree
```

A class ID sequence reflects the ancestry of the class being identified.

A class ID field is either a definition index or an authority key.

> A definition index is an ordinal that starts at 1 for every inheritance level of the control model for example `[ 1, 1, 3, 5]`.

Author: @cristian-recoseanu Am I being overzealous here in removing the "class tree" here?  I think that "control model class tree" is probably more descriptive in this context.  My suggestion is to put "class tree" back.
```suggestion
A definition index is an ordinal that starts at 1 for every inheritance level of the control model class tree for example `[ 1, 1, 3, 5]`.
```

Reviewer: I think it is a little bit more descriptive yes.
